hey everybody welcome to another episode
of Isis hunting where as promised we're
going to deliver to you an urban Isis
night hunt but before we do let me
introduce my new co-host red white and
Ben Benz they hide all the folks back
home how's it going patriots and
shitheads
ben you really should be covering your
face what if an Isis jihadist lone wolf
identifies you and tries to fucking kill
you well i'll then i'll welcome him
because i wish a motherfucker would ben
that's the spirit that's the attitude we
like to have on the isis hunting show
before we get started though I'd like to
say a word from our sponsor shall we our
sponsor is tactical shit Ranger panties
aka silkies because when you go Isis
hunting you want to experience the
maximum amount of fucking freedom
AMERICA AMERICA now let's talk about
this Isis hunt the first thing we're
doing today during daylight hours is
scoping out the perfect place to place
our decoy which in this situation is a
place where Isis jihadists frequent
that's why over my right shoulder is the
kwik-e-mart training academy and just
over my left side of the street over
here is the Aloha snackbar where they're
offering manlove Thursday drink specials
so let's call in the decoy shall we
so you've seen our other videos that you
see us use the ISIS improvised exploding
goat in an urban setting you do not want
to use an exploding goat it causes
what's called collateral damage
we don't want collateral damage in
America so we're going to use an inert
goat decoy for tonight's Isis night hunt
we're going to strategically place the
goat right in front of the kwik-e-mart
training academy and directly across the
street in plain view of the Aloha snack
then we're going to get set up on a
rooftop just a few blocks away so we'll
be right back then proper positioning of
the inert goat decoy is asked into the
wind just upwind of the place we think
Isis is going to be so let's go ahead
and position the goat right back here I
think it'd be good and before we leave
the secret sauce is owed to goats ass
Arabic pheromones all it takes is a
couple spritz
and we'll have a good hunt tonight
I think we found the red spot don't you
sounds good
this is a good elevated position good
cover hey camera guy come on up let's
talk about the equipment that you need
to properly and effectively do a night
urban Isis on all right guys we've taken
a position about two blocks away an
elevated position on a rooftop behind
solid cover as you can see red white and
Ben is surveying the target area with
our spotting scope he's also equipped
with an envy g14 us night vision night
vision monocular attached to his TAC
progear bump helmet he also is fitted
with a crimp via strategies Merck
medical kit in case one of us strains
our ankle getting down off the roof I
will be your designated marksman with
the scar 17s 308 rifle on this 308 scar
I've got the us night vision IR hunter
thermal imaging device with digital
magnification and an app PLC laser
designator and IR illuminator from TN VC
night vision with a SD n6 AAC suppressor
bipod and a Mullen LAIV industry star
magazine some Isis is going to have a
real bad night it's always good to have
a back-up plan an operational security
should be of your utmost concern that's
why I've got my agency arms Glock 19 and
my spotter here red white and Ben is
armed with a suppressed 300 blackout SVR
then it should be dark in a couple hours
but I'll tell you what I hope it stops
raining because Isis don't like rain it
doesn't rain in Derka Derka stand very
often and when it does it smells like
shit
so then I said to her can I smell your
pussy and the bitch slapped me what a
bitch
so then I said it must be your feet haha
you know man I don't think we're gonna
get any of this fucking rain you know
Isis don't like rain yeah let me go
ahead and check one more time give it a
shot oh shit we got some you got one
military-age male smog in a man dress
we also seem to have one female full
burqa assume
looks like they're heading over to the
decoy it might be on something
are those in season always I always give
global burden tags laying around me
switching the thermal
where you gonna be Fivefinger fucking me
chicks got a dick there Isis Eiffel
towering green light
stop fuck would a mouth
oh shit we got a squirter
good shot two targets neutralized let's
go down and see we got oh man that was
awesome good boy oh look at the size of
this one he's gonna look good hanging on
the wall back at the clubhouse yeah
we'll just strap in the hood take him
there
you got some bunch of cords yeah all
right let's check her out see what we
got
roll her over Oh
oh shit we got here Oh oh shit it's
Cecil the lion of Derka Derka stan the
liberals love you oh fuck
you